LYNX-821 Documentation for GraphQL API mutations (#434)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/wishlist/mutations/clear.md

---
title: clearWishlist mutation
---

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text1" />

This mutation is part of the [Storefront Compatibility Package](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/developer/commerce/storefront/setup/storefront-compatibility/). It will be added to Adobe Commerce 2.4.9.

# clearWishlist mutation

> The `clearWishlist` mutation removes all items from a wish list for the logged in customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clearWishlist` mutation removes all items from a wishlist for the logged in customer.
```
